# Community Input
This page is dedicated to ideas brought to me by the Town of Genesee community. I intend to update this section with specific issues or improvement ideas generated by you, the residents. Feel free to email me your thoughts at dan@yatzeck.com.

## Ideas and Improvement Opportunities

#### Communications
- Include more board activity on quarterly newsletters.
- Summarize board, plan commission, and fire commission activity for easier consumption on the website (rather than having to comb through minutes)
- Include explicit supervisor/chairman voting record each time a vote is taken
- Chairman should communicate to the town a clear vision and plan of action

#### Schools / KMSD
- Magee should be kept as some kind of education facility, like a Montessori school that has a lot of outdoor activities, since that was one of the main attractions for open enroll families

#### Parks
- Improve park play equipment to support young families
- Keep parks open in the winter; it's ok to have the bathrooms closed if that's an issue but residents need an outlet for kids in the cold months

#### Public Works
- Clean up the main road in Genesee Depot, especially the areas surrounding the railroad tracks, to make it more bright
- Improve parking in Genesee Depot; it is dangerous when so many people park on the street and it backs up
- The corner of Hwy 83 and Old Village Rd., and Hwy 83 and Walnut St. get seriously overgrown in the summer; this needs to be mowed much more frequently
- We need better sidewalks and recreation trails like our surrounding communities; why does the trail from Wales just stop?
- Is it possible to track snowplows by GPS on a website? Some places have this.

#### Other
- Encourage Spectrum and AT&T and other internet companies to install better and cheaper internet service like fiber; there's no reason not to bury fiber when the roads are already being worked on
